Submersible Cables - Kdipower Kdipower info@kdipower.com +91 85959 40069 Facebook Instagram Linkedin Home About Us Our Products Power cables POWER CABLES Copper cables Single Core / Multicore Flexible Cables Submersible Cables House Wires & Cables Control cables Control cables Instrumentation Wires Aerial Bunched Cables Aerial Bunched Cables Rubber cables Marine & Offshore Cables Rubber Cables solar cables solar cables Media Certifications Gallery Become A Partner Apply as a Vendor (Procurement Division) Dealership Enquiry Other Enquiry Careers Life at KDI Power Career Contact Us X Submersible Cables Home Submersible Cables Introduction Introduction Flat cables are manufactured to meet critical space requirements and provide protection against continuous water immersion under specified conditions, rainwater exposure, and the ingress of small solid foreign particles. Enquire Now Details Double Sheathed Round Submersible Cables Insulation XLPE with Sioplas Technique applied by extrusion process. Identification of Phase By providing ridges on the insulation of phase conductors. One ridge for 1st phase, 
2 and 3 ridges for 2nd and 3rd phases respectively. Neutral can have 4 ridges, if desired. Color of Insulation Because the cable remains exposed to environment & sunlight (ultraviolet radiation) 
the insulation is mixed with a small amount of carbon black to stop deterioration 
of polythene due to UV radiation. Assembling The phase conductor along with the lighting conductor (where applicable) 
is twisted around messenger conductor. Reach out to our sales and customer support team for expert wires and cables solutions. Connect Us KDI Power manufactures high-quality electrical wires and cables in India. With ISO-certified processes, robust products and reliable performance, they cater to industrial, commercial and residential electrical needs. Facebook Instagram Linkedin USEFULL LINKS About Us Our Products Contact Us Career Faq OUR PRODUCTS Aerial Bunched Cables Power Cable Control Cable House Wire Cable Conductor Instrumentation Wire CONTACT US 1243, Block H, DSIDC Industrial Area, Narela, New Delhi , Delhi, 110040 info@kdipower.com +91 85959 40069 Copyright © 2026 by KDI Power